README.md, before:

# PiPo - A secure chat client with client side encryption and perfect forward seecrecy written in NodeJS

# Features
+ Markdown using the Marked Library and React (https://github.com/chjj/marked, https://facebook.github.io/react/)

# Encryption
Options...
+ GPG


### Authentication
+ authenticate and sign of request using pgp keys?
+ node_http_signature
  + Positives
  + Negatives
    + Whitepaper not quite complete yet
    + Have not addressed two factor
    + Does not include eliptical curve in their docs
    + * Does not have revocation for identity in case of compromise *
+ sqrl
  + Positives
    + Creates QR codes to scan with phnoe for authentication with sessions which is easy
    + Creates revocation
    + Allows you to print QR code for private key so it does not exist elictroncially
  + Negatives
    + Seems over engineered
    + Uniqe terms for all types of keys so it is cryptic cryptography


### Sessions
+ Use keyid to verify user and do not use sessions?
+ How do we indicate that the data is encrypted?


### Server Management of Keys
+ Server generates a shared private key
+ Server encrypts private key to all users that are granted access using their personal public key
+ Server destroys unencrypted shared private key
+ Server sends new encrypted private key to users as they sign on


### Local storage of private keys



### Use this as a way to replace email?



### Problem & Solution Walkthrough
+ Problem
  + Easy passwords are easy to hack, more secure passwords are hard to remember and use
+ Solution
  + Use key pairs or something similar (Something like PGP)
+ Problem
  + Want to proove identification and communicate securely
+ Solution
  + Encryption should be done client side
  +
+ Problem
  + PGP is hard for the normal user
+ Solution

+ Problem
  + Managing Keys is tricky
+ Solution

+ Problem
  + Communication in this way is hard with multiple people

Commit message:

more keypair management work between client and server

README.md, after:

# PiPo - A secure chat client with client side encryption and perfect forward seecrecy written in NodeJS

# Features
+ Markdown using the Marked Library and React (https://github.com/chjj/marked, https://facebook.github.io/react/)

# Encryption
Options...
+ GPG


### Authentication
+ authenticate and sign of request using pgp keys?
+ node_http_signature
  + Positives
  + Negatives
    + Whitepaper not quite complete yet
    + Have not addressed two factor
    + Does not include eliptical curve in their docs
    + * Does not have revocation for identity in case of compromise *
+ sqrl
  + Positives
    + Creates QR codes to scan with phnoe for authentication with sessions which is easy
    + Creates revocation
    + Allows you to print QR code for private key so it does not exist elictroncially
  + Negatives
    + Seems over engineered
    + Uniqe terms for all types of keys so it is cryptic cryptography


### Sessions
+ Use keyid to verify user and do not use sessions?
+ How do we indicate that the data is encrypted?


### Server Management of Keys
+ Server generates a shared private key
+ Server encrypts private key to all users that are granted access using their personal public key
+ Server destroys unencrypted shared private key
+ Server sends new encrypted private key to users as they sign on
  + Possible to have client with rights to add user create the private key and encrypt to all users then upload to server


# Protocol
+ Send noonce with each message and then the clients would see that it's a new one and query the server for new key?
+ When someone joins, they send public key to server. Server temporarily encrypts to both old key and new key until new keys are generated and ready for users to download. Everyone can see messages from new user as soon as they have updated their key to the new key.


### Decentralizaing
+ Clients can still communicate if server is down?

### Local storage of private keys



### Use this as a way to replace email?



### Problem & Solution Walkthrough
+ Problem
  + Easy passwords are easy to hack, more secure passwords are hard to remember and use
+ Solution
  + Use key pairs or something similar (Something like PGP)
+ Problem
  + Want to proove identification and communicate securely
+ Solution
  + Encryption should be done client side
  +
+ Problem
  + PGP is hard for the normal user
+ Solution

+ Problem
  + Managing Keys is tricky
+ Solution

+ Problem
  + Communication in this way is hard with multiple people
